PREVIOUSLY
ON "DEVIOUS MAIDS"...
ROSIE, I CANNOT GET OVER
HOW FAST HE'S TYPING.
I KNOW.
I COULD SHOW MY GRATITUDE
BY TAKING YOU OUT
TO DINNER SOMETIME.
I WAS THINKING YOU MIGHT BENEFIT
FROM A TRIP TO SAGE CREEK.
SAGE CREEK?
THAT'S A LOONEY BIN.
SLASH HEALTH RESORT.
GOODBYE, MY DARLING.
HOW SOON UNTIL WE GO IN
AND TAKE OFF OUR CLOTHES?
WE SHOULD WAIT UNTIL HIS CAR
LEAVES THE DRIVEWAY.
YOU'RE...SUPER-COOL
AND REALLY NICE.
NOTHING ABOUT MY LOOKS?
YOU'RE MY HERO.
♪ PROMISE ME YOU'LL STAY ♪
SHE'S PERFECT.
I REALLY LIKE YOU.
AND I LIKE YOU.
AND YOU MAKE ME
FEEL GOOD ABOUT MYSELF.
I'VE BEEN NEEDING SOMEONE
TO DO THAT.
DOES HE TREAT YOU WELL?
ETHAN IS GREAT.
GOOD.
YOU DESERVE THE BEST.
THIS MUST REALLY BURN --
RICH KID
LOSING TO THE POOL BOY.
YOU SEEM KIND OF OBSESSED
WITH OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY.
HEY, I GOT WHAT I WANT.
I KNOW
DAHLIA HAD AN AFFAIR!
WHO WAS IT WITH?!
OPAL HAS BEEN
SO NASTY TO YOU.
WHY DO YOU HAVE TO
BRING HER CLOTHES?
EVEN BITCHES NEED SOMETHING
TO WEAR HOME FROM THE HOSPITAL.
Carmen:
IT'S A PICTURE OF A BLONDE.
THAT'S DAHLIA.
IF OPAL
HAD AN AFFAIR WITH DAHLIA,
NO WONDER
NICK IS SO UNCOMFORTABLE.
IF NICK KNOWS HIS WIFE
AND HIS MAID WERE LOVERS...
WHY IS SHE STILL
WORKING HERE?
DID YOU TALK TO NICK
ABOUT OPAL
AND HER DRAWER
OF MANY SECRETS?
FROM NOW ON, I PLAY THIS GAME
THE WAY SHE DOES --
WITH MY EYES OPEN,
MY MOUTH SHUT,
AND MY CLAWS
BEHIND MY BACK.
[ GASPS ]
Marisol:
GOOD MORNING, OPAL.
MORNING.
WHEN DOES NICHOLAS
GET BACK?
TOMORROW.
9:53.
YOU SOUND EAGER
TO HAVE HIM BACK.
I AM.
WE HAVE LOTS TO TALK ABOUT.
I'M SURE.
COFFEE?
SMELLS WONDERFUL.
IT'S A NEW BLEND
I'M EXPERIMENTING WITH.
BEFORE I FORGET,
THANKS FOR TAKING MY THINGS
TO THE HOSPITAL.
NO BIG DEAL.
YES, WELL...
WHEN YOU WERE IN MY ROOM,
DID YOU HAPPEN TO OPEN
THE TOP DRAWER OF MY BUREAU?
EXCUSE ME?
I USUALLY KEEP IT LOCKED.
HUH.
I DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
WHY?
WHAT'S IN THAT DRAWER?
THINGS. PRIVATE THINGS.
WELL, MAYBE YOU
LEFT IT UNLOCKED BY ACCIDENT.
PERHAPS.
BUT IF
SOMEONE WAS IN THERE,
I'D BE VERY ANGRY.
OF COURSE.
PEOPLE NEED TO FEEL COMFORTABLE
IN THEIR OWN HOMES.
WELL, THEN...
ENJOY THE COFFEE.
HEY.
MORNING, VALENTINA.
WHERE ARE YOU OFF TO?
THE GROCERY STORE.
COULD YOU
SWING BY NEIMAN'S?
I NEED
ANOTHER JAR OF MOISTURIZER.
UH, THIS SHOULD COVER IT.
$300?
WHY SO EXPENSIVE?
THE MAIN INGREDIENT
IS NIGHTINGALE DROPPINGS.
AND YOU PAY EXTRA FOR THAT?
IT IS WORTH IT. IT HELPS MY SKIN
LOOK 10 YEARS YOUNGER.
SO WHY DON'T YOU USE IT
ON YOUR HANDS?
I DO.
PLEASE GO.
SEE YOU
IN A COUPLE OF HOURS.
[ DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES ]
REMI,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
CAN'T I BRING FLOWERS
TO A PRETTY GIRL?
NOT WHEN
SHE'S DATING SOMEONE ELSE.
FRIENDS GIVE EACH OTHER
STUFF, AND...
WE ARE STILL FRIENDS,
RIGHT?
OF COURSE WE ARE.
BY THE WAY, I MET ETHAN.
YOU DID?
YEAH, WE HAD
AN INTERESTING TALK.
YOU KNOW,
I'VE GOT TO BE HONEST...
[ SIGHS ] DOESN'T
SEEM LIKE SUCH A GOOD GUY.
IS THAT
WHY YOU CAME HERE?!
TO INSULT
MY NEW BOYFRIEND?!
I'M JUST
LOOKING OUT FOR YOU.
I MEAN, HOW WELL
DO YOU EVEN KNOW THIS GUY?
I KNOW THAT'S HE'S SWEET...
AND FUNNY...
AND HE GETS ME
IN A WAY THAT YOU DON'T.
COME ON. I GET YOU.
ETHAN'S MOM IS A MAID,
JUST LIKE MINE.
HE KNOWS WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO GROW UP
WANTING
WHAT YOU CAN'T HAVE.
TRUST ME. I'VE LEARNED
WHAT THAT FEELS LIKE.
THANK YOU FOR THE FLOWERS.
BUT DON'T COME HERE
UNANNOUNCED.
[ GASPS ]
[ MOANING ]
STOP RIGHT THERE!
DO YOU REALLY THINK I'M
GONNA LET YOU WALK IN HERE
WITH THOSE DIRTY BOOTS?
HOW ELSE
CAN I GIVE YOU...
YOUR PRESENT?
YOU MAY ENTER.
[ CHUCKLES ]
Carmen:
WHAT'S THE OCCASION?
IT'S JUST
A "THANK YOU" GIFT.
EVER SINCE I CAME HERE,
YOU'VE BEEN SO NICE TO ME...
IF I KNEW THERE WERE PRESENT
I WOULD HAVE BEEN NICER.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ GASPS ]
[ LID CLATTERS ]
iAVE MARIA PURíSIMA!
DO YOU LIKE IT?
LIKE IT?
I WANT TO BE BURIED IN IT.
BUT...
I CAN'T TAKE THIS.
WHY NOT?
TY...
IT LOOKS EXPENSIVE.
WOULD YOU PREFER
A CHEAPER GIFT?
STOP TRYING TO TRICK ME.
YOU'VE MADE A HUGE DIFFERENCE
IN MY LIFE.
SO, PLEASE,
JUST TRY IT ON.
WELL,
MAYBE JUST A SLEEVE.
OKAY, THE OTHER ONE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
OH, MY GOD.
OHH.
OH, NO!
NOW I'VE GOT A PROBLEM.
WHAT'S THAT?
I'M NEVER
TAKING THIS JACKET OFF,
AND I STILL
GOT FLOORS TO MOP.
[ LAUGHS ]
THANK YOU.
MM-HMM.
SO,
LET ME ASK YOU THIS...
AS A PROFESSIONAL CHEF,
IS IT HARD TO EAT
AT SOMEONE ELSE'S RESTAURANT?
NAH.
IF THE FOOD'S GOOD,
I HAVE A GREAT TIME.
AND IF IT'S NOT,
I'M HAPPY THE COMPETITION SUCKS.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
AS A PROFESSIONAL HOUSEKEEPER,
DO YOU JUDGE THE CLEANLINESS
OF EVERYBODY'S HOUSE?
NOT ALWAYS.
BUT EVERY NOW AND THEN...
WHAT?
JAVIER,
YOU HAVE A LOVELY HOME.
IT'S WARM AND INVITING...
AND COVERED IN DIRT.
YOU NEED A MAID.
I HAVE A MAID.
YOU LIE.
IT'S TRUE.
CONCEPCION WAS HERE TODAY.
WELL, THEN
I FEEL I MUST ASK YOU,
IS SHE LEGALLY BLIND?
[ CHUCKLES ]
I KNOW SHE'S NOT THE GREATEST
CLEANING LADY IN THE WORLD,
BUT SHE'S BEEN WITH ME
FOR 10 YEARS.
SHE'S VERY LOYAL.
YOU WANT LOYAL?
GET A DOG.
YOU WANT A CLEAN HOUSE?
GET A REAL MAID.
YOU'RE KIND OF A HARD-ASS.
IF ONE OF THE COOKS
IN YOUR KITCHEN
KEPT BURNING THE FOOD,
WOULD YOU KEEP THEM?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'LL ASK CONCEPCION
TO STEP UP HER GAME.
DON'T ASK. TELL.
THREATEN TO FIRE HER
IF YOU HAVE TO.
[ Chuckling ] OKAY. OKAY.
YOU REALLY THINK
IT'S THAT BAD?
I DO. I REALLY DO.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
Nurse: MR. POWELL?
IT'S TIME FOR
YOUR MEDS.
AH, THE BLUE ONES --
MY FAVORITE.
FAREWELL, AFTERNOON.
[ SIGHS ]
OH, AND THAT'S FOR YOU.
I'M A NURSE,
NOT A WAITRESS.
GO AHEAD. TAKE IT.
BUY YOURSELF
SOME SHOES THAT DON'T SQUEAK.
MR. POWELL?
VALENTINA!
DID YOU BRING MY BOOKS?
GOT THEM RIGHT HERE.
Did you bring
the other thing?
Slip it to me,
slip it to me.
GLORIOUS!
WHY DO I HAVE TO
SNEAK THESE IN?
THEY'RE JUST COOKIES.
MY NURSE WON'T ALLOW
PROCESSED SUGAR HERE.
THOUGH SHE CERTAINLY
SEEMS TO ENJOY IT AT HOME.
SO...
YOU LOOK RELAXED.
HOW COULD I NOT?
I GET MASSAGES
EVERY MORNING,
LOTS OF COLORFUL SEDATIVES
EVERY AFTERNOON.
IF I HAD KNOWN
HOW MUCH FUN THIS WAS,
I WOULD HAVE HAD
A NERVOUS BREAKDOWN AGES AGO.
SO, WHY DIDN'T EVELYN COME?
WELL...
SHE COULDN'T GET AWAY.
THINGS ARE CRAZY BACK HOME.
IS TONY HELPING OUT?
HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE
ON TOP OF THINGS.
OH, HE IS.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
I WAS JUST THINKING...
IT WOULD BE GREAT
IF YOU CAME BACK HOME.
THAT'S SWEET.
I'M NOT QUITE READY YET.
ARE YOU SURE?
'CAUSE
MRS. POWELL MISSES YOU.
MORE THAN SHE KNOWS.
WHAT AN ODD THING TO SAY.
IT WAS NICE TO SEE YOU,
BUT I HAVE TO GET BACK.
ENJOY YOUR BOOKS.
ROSIE.
[ GASPS ]
SPENCE.
I WAS JUST
HAVING DINNER WITH MY LAWYER.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
GOOD.
YOU HAVE A MINUTE?
I NEED TO EXPLAIN SOME THINGS.
ACTUALLY,
I'M HERE WITH SOMEONE.
DIDN'T REALIZE
WE HAD COMPANY.
OH.
I'M REGGIE.
SPENCE WESTMORE.
OH, UH...
SPENCE IS
THE MAN I USED TO WORK FOR.
OH.
AND REGGIE IS MY...
IMMIGRATION LAWYER.
OH.
WELL...
THANKS FOR STOPPING BY.
WOULD YOU LIKE A DRINK?
NO, THANKS.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YOU WERE
SO QUIET IN THE CAR.
JUST TRYING TO
FIGURE OUT WHERE I STAND.
IN THE DINING ROOM?
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHERE I STAND WITH YOU.
W-WE'VE BEEN DATING
FOR A WHILE NOW.
I THOUGHT I WAS MORE THAN JUST
YOUR "IMMIGRATION LAWYER."
OF COURSE YOU ARE.
BUT THIS THING
HAS BEEN MOVING SO SLOW.
NOW I'M STARTING TO THINK,
IS IT BECAUSE OF THAT GUY?
SPENCE AND I WERE...
TOGETHER.
BUT IT ENDED A WHILE AGO.
NOW HE'S GOING THROUGH
A BAD DIVORCE.
OH.
AND I COULDN'T TELL HIM
I'M DATING SUCH A WONDERFUL MAN,
ESPECIALLY
NOW THAT HE'S ALL ALONE.
YOU THINK I'M WONDERFUL?
OF COURSE.
SO, YOU AND SPENCE...
WAS IT SERIOUS?
WELL...
HE DID
ASK ME TO MARRY HIM.
I THINK
I'LL TAKE THAT DRINK NOW.
[ VACUUM WHIRRING ]
OH, HEY.
YOU WANT TO READ?
I CAN GO CLEAN IN THE DEN.
OH, YEAH.
THAT WOULD BE GREAT. THANKS.
[ VACUUM SHUTS OFF ]
HEY.
WHOSE JACKET?
MINE.
HANDS OFF!
[ CHUCKLES ]
WOW.
AM I PAYING YOU TOO MUCH,
OR ARE YOU STEALING FROM ME?
IT WAS A GIFT.
AND YOU ARE DEFINITELY NOT
PAYING ME TOO MUCH.
SOMEONE GAVE YOU
A $3,000 JACKET?
IT'S $3,000?!
YEAH, IT'S A YANG LI.
PERI USED TO BUY THOSE
WHEN SHE WAS MAD AT ME.
[ SIGHS ]
SHE HAS A LOT OF THEM.
WOW.
SO...
WHO'S YOUR SUGAR DADDY?
UH...
YOUR NEPHEW.
TY IS 17!
WHY WOULD YOU
ACCEPT A GIFT LIKE THIS?
I DON'T KNOW!
HE SAID SOMETHING ABOUT
HELPING HIM OUT OF A DARK PLACE,
AND I WASN'T REALLY LISTENING.
I WAS LOOKING AT THE JACKET!
HE PROBABLY PAID FOR IT
WITH HIS MOTHER'S CREDIT CARD.
YOU WANT ME TO
SEND HER A THANK-YOU CARD?
I WANT YOU TO GIVE IT BACK.
BUT I LOVE THIS JACKET!
I DON'T CARE!
[ SIGHS ] FINE!
BUT IF I EVER DO STEAL FROM YOU,
THIS WILL BE THE REASON.
HEY.
HOW DO YOU FEEL
ABOUT ETHAN?
I BARELY KNOW HIM.
WHY?
WELL, I HAD A RUN-IN
WITH HIM THE OTHER DAY,
AND I GOT THIS...
WEIRD VIBE.
HE'S DATING YOUR EX.
THINK THAT MIGHT'VE
COLORED YOUR OPINION?
NO, I SWEAR.
I TRIED TO GIVE HIM
THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT,
BUT SOMETHING ABOUT HIM...
THEN I TRIED TO WARN
VALENTINA, BUT SHE JUST
GOT ANGRY WITH ME.
[ SIGHS ]
WELCOME TO MY WORLD.
SO, WHAT SHOULD I DO?
I PROMISED VALENTINA
I WOULDN'T MEDDLE IN HER LIFE.
OH.
[ SIGHS ]
BUT IF I WERE
FREE TO GIVE ADVICE,
IT WOULD SOUND
SOMETHING LIKE THIS --
IF YOU WANT VALENTINA BACK,
YOU CAN'T TELL HER
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ETHAN.
YOU HAVE TO REMIND HER
OF WHAT'S RIGHT WITH YOU.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THAT'S THE BEST ADVICE
I NEVER GOT.
I'M GLAD.
AND JUST SO YOU KNOW...
I'M ROOTING FOR YOU.
HEY, BEAUTIFUL.
HEY.
WE HAVE TO TALK.
I WAS HOPING TO UNPACK,
MAYBE GO FOR A RUN.
CAN IT WAIT?
NO. IT CAN'T.
I KNOW DAHLIA'S AFFAIR
WAS WITH OPAL.
WHO TOLD YOU THAT?
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
WHAT I WANT TO KNOW IS
WHY YOU DIDN'T TELL ME.
[ SIGHS ] IT WAS
A HUMILIATING DISCOVERY.
I DON'T LIKE TO DISCUSS IT.
NO, YOU DON'T
LIKE TO DISCUSS IT
BECAUSE IT RAISES
AN OBVIOUS QUESTION.
WHICH IS?
WHY IS
YOUR DEAD WIFE'S LOVER
STILL LIVING
IN YOUR HOUSE?!
LOOK...
OUR MARRIAGE
WAS FAR FROM PERFECT.
BUT I LOVED DAHLIA.
WHEN SHE DIED,
I WAS DEVASTATED.
SO WAS OPAL.
I KNOW IT SOUNDS STRANGE,
BUT...
WE HELPED EACH OTHER
GET THROUGH IT.
IT WAS A BAD TIME.
I GET IT.
BUT'S IT'S BEEN 15 YEARS.
DON'T YOU THINK IT'S TIME
TO SEND OPAL ON HER MERRY WAY?
BUT SHE'S
SUCH A GOOD HOUSEKEEPER.
WHEN SOMEONE
MAKES YOU FEEL UNWELCOME
AND CREEPED OUT
IN YOUR OWN HOUSE,
THEY'RE NOT
GOOD AT THEIR JOB!
MARISOL...
NO! I'M SERIOUS!
I CAN NO LONGER LIVE UNDER
THE SAME ROOF AS THAT WOMAN!
OKAY.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
EVERYTHING
IS GONNA BE FINE.
OKAY.
I KNOW THIS CROISSANT
LOOKS BIG ENOUGH
TO FEED FOUR PEOPLE,
BUT I AM NOT SHARING.
SORRY.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THIS IS
MY FRIEND FROM CHURCH.
SHE'S HAVING
A TERRIBLE DAY.
HER BOSS
THREATENED TO FIRE HER.
BANDITO.
POOR CONCEPCION.
[ Muffled ] CONCEPCION?
[ SNIFFLES ]
WHAT IS IT
SHE DOES FOR A LIVING?
SAME AS US.
SHE'S A MAID.
I'M...
SORRY TO HEAR THAT.
JAVIER USED TO BE
SUCH A NICE BOSS,
BUT THEN LA PRINCESA
FILLED HIS HEAD WITH LIES.
LA PRINCESA?
HER BOSS'S NEW GIRLFRIEND.
SHE'S A REAL BITCH.
HOW DO WE KNOW THAT?
LA PRINCESA THREW A FIT
BECAUSE THERE WERE TINY WATER
SPOTS ON THE WINE GLASSES.
WELL, MAYBE
THEY WEREN'T SO TINY.
SORRY.
CROISSANT?
I GOT TO GO.
MIGUEL GETS OUT OF SCHOOL
EARLY TODAY.
BYE.
AND SHE'S MY RIDE.
TAKE CARE, CONCEPCION.
AND WE'LL PRAY FOR GOD
TO PUNISH THAT GIRLFRIEND.
OH, DON'T DO THAT.
GOD IS...SO BUSY.
I SHOULD GO, TOO --
JAVIER SAID I HAVE TO SCRUB
EVERY INCH OF
THE HOUSE BY TOMORROW,
OR I AM FIRED.
[ SOBBING ]
W-WHAT'S WRONG NOW?
I WANTED TO GO
TO SAN DIEGO TOMORROW.
HEY, PRIORITIES!
I MEAN, YOUR JOB IS MORE
IMPORTANT THAN SOME VACATION.
I WAS GOING
TO SEE MY GRANDMOTHER!
SHE'S DYING!
WELL, THAT'S NOT GOOD.
[ SOBS ] MAYBE --
MAYBE SHE CAN
HOLD ON FOR ONE MORE DAY.
NO, NO.
YOU NEED TO BE WITH HER.
BUT WHO'S GONNA
CLEAN THE HOUSE?
GIVE ME YOUR KEY.
Valentina:
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
DID YOU DROP THE BOOKS OFF
FOR MR. POWELL?
I DID.
HE ASKED ABOUT YOU.
AWW.
YOU MUST BE VERY HAPPY.
ARE YOU TALKING TO ME?
HE LOVES YOU VERY MUCH.
AT SOME POINT, I MUST HAVE
GIVEN YOU THE IMPRESSION
I ENJOY
SMALL TALK WITH THE HELP.
AND THAT'S NOT THE CASE.
WILL YOU PLEASE
ACCEPT MY APOLOGY
AS YOU LEAVE
TO SCRUB MY TOILET?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
CARMEN TOLD ME
WHERE YOU WORKED.
I REALLY
NEED TO TALK TO YOU.
YOU'VE GOT THREE MINUTES.
YOU REMEMBER THE DAY
YOU CAME T-TO MY HOUSE?
AND YOU SAID
ALL THOSE TERRIBLE THINGS?
I REMEMBER.
PERI MADE ME
SAY THOSE THINGS.
SHE SAID THAT
IF YOU AND I GOT TOGETHER,
SHE WOULD TAKE MY SON AWAY.
OH.
IT KILLED ME
TO HURT YOU LIKE THAT.
IT TURNS OUT
IT WAS ALL POINTLESS.
PERI'S GONE TO COURT
TO GET SOLE CUSTODY OF TUCKER.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
TELL ME THIS BEFORE? I
WOULD HAVE UNDERSTOOD.
I THOUGHT ABOUT
CALLING YOU --
BUT YOU NEVER DID.
AND IT'S BEEN MONTHS!
I'M SO SORRY.
BUT YOU HAVE TO KNOW I --
I NEVER STOPPED LOVING YOU.
REGGIE. HI.
HELLO.
AM I
INTERRUPTING SOMETHING?
NO. NO.
SPENCE WAS JUST LEAVING.
THINK ABOUT WHAT I SAID?
THAT GUY SEEMS TO BE
POPPING UP A LOT LATELY.
HE HAD SOMETHING
HE NEEDED TO TELL ME.
STILL, I'M NOT COMFORTABLE
WITH THE TWO OF YOU
HANGING OUT TOGETHER.
I UNDERSTAND, BUT...
IT'S NOT UP TO YOU
WHO I SEE.
YOU'RE GIVING IT BACK?
WHY?
YOUR UNCLE FEELS
IT'S AN INAPPROPRIATE GIFT.
NO! YOU DESERVE
BEAUTIFUL THINGS.
I DO. I REALLY DO.
BUT...
[ SIGHS ]
WAIT! JUST...
KEEP IT IN YOUR CLOSET.
UNCLE SPENCE
DOESN'T HAVE TO KNOW.
NO! NO, TY!
I CAN NOT ACCEPT
A JACKET THIS EXPENSIVE.
EVEN THOUGH IT GOES WITH
EVERYTHING I OWN.
I'M SORRY ABOUT THIS.
I GUESS I SCREWED UP.
IT'S THE THOUGHT
THAT COUNTS.
AND IT'S NICE TO KNOW
HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT ME.
REALLY?
YEAH.
I FEEL THE SAME WAY ABOUT YOU.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WOW.
EVERY MORNING,
YOU COME OUT OF YOUR ROOM AND...
YOU SMILE
THAT GOOFY SMILE...
IT MAKES ME HAPPY.
SOMETIMES, AT NIGHT,
I THANK GOD FOR
BRINGING YOU INTO MY LIFE.
AWWW.
SO WHO NEEDS GIFTS?
WE'VE GOT EACH OTHER,
RIGHT?
I THOUGHT YOU SAID
WE WERE GOING HOME.
WE ARE.
SURPRISE!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I JUST PUT AN OFFER IN
THIS MORNING.
EIGHT BEDROOMS, SIX BATHS,
5,000 SQUARE FEET.
THINK OF IT
AS AN EARLY WEDDING GIFT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU LIKE IT?
I LIKE
THE HOUSE WE LIVE IN.
WHY WOULD YOU WANT TO
SELL IT?
I'M NOT GOING TO.
OPAL'S GOING TO LIVE THERE --
WITH ETHAN.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT? YOU SAID
YOU DIDN'T WANT TO
LIVE UNDER THE SAME ROOF
WITH HER ANYMORE.
I WANTED YOU TO FIRE HER,
NOT GIVE HER
A MULTIMILLION-DOLLAR ESTATE!
OKAY, BUT THIS WAY,
EVERYBODY GETS WHAT THEY
WANT AND NOBODY'S UNHAPPY.
WHAT DOES THIS WOMAN HAVE
ON YOU?
NOTHING.
THEN WHY CAN'T YOU
GET HER OUT OF YOUR LIFE?
[ SIGHS ]
IT'S A CONFUSING SITUATION.
NO, IT'S NOT.
EITHER SHE GOES, OR I DO.
I THINK
WE CAN ALL UNDERSTAND THAT.
SO...
DID YOU
GIVE THE JACKET BACK?
I DID.
AND HOW DID TY TAKE IT?
WELL...
HE DECIDED TO GIVE ME
SOMETHING ELSE INSTEAD.
I HOPE YOU SAID NO.
WELL, IT'S HARD TO TALK
WHEN SOMEONE'S TONGUE
IS IN YOUR MOUTH.
HE KISSED YOU?
OH, YEAH.
WHY WOULD HE DO THAT?
[ SCOFFS ]
NOT TO BE CONCEITED, BUT...
[ CHUCKLES ]
I MEAN, WHY WOULD HE THINK
THAT YOU'D BE INTERESTED?
WHEN I GAVE HIM
THE JACKET BACK,
YOU KNOW, I WAS
BEING REALLY NICE TO HIM.
AND HE MISUNDERSTOOD.
I GOT IT.
I'LL TALK TO HIM.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE GENTLE,
RIGHT?
NO!
HE KISSED A WOMAN
OLD ENOUGH TO BE HIS --
MAID! I'M OLD ENOUGH
TO BE HIS MAID!
OH. SORRY.
WHY DON'T I TALK TO TY?
YOU KNOW, I'VE HAD
A LOT OF GUYS HIT ON ME.
I KNOW HOW TO
LET HIM DOWN EASY.
NO, IT HAS TO BE ME.
I'VE GOT TO LAY DOWN THE LAW --
HE'S GOT TO UNDERSTAND
YOU DON'T GO AROUND
KISSING THE HELP.
DOES HE KNOW
YOU HAD A THING WITH ROSIE?
OR YOU COULD
LET HIM DOWN EASY.
THAT'S GOOD, TOO.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
MRS. POWELL LET ME IN.
SHE SHOULDN'T HAVE.
I DON'T HAVE TIME TO TALK.
JUST ONE MINUTE.
THEN I'LL GO, I SWEAR.
I'M NOT TAKING
ANY MORE GIFTS FROM YOU.
IT'S JUST A PICTURE,
AND...
I THINK
YOU'LL WANT TO HAVE IT.
OH, MY GOD.
IS THIS...?
THAT CLEARING WE FOUND
IN THE CONGO.
REMEMBER THAT MORNING?
I DO.
YOU HAD JUST PULLED
AN ALL-NIGHTER AT THE CLINIC...
AND YOU CAME TO MEET ME.
BUT I WAS TOO TIRED
TO SLEEP, SO...
SO WE WENT FOR A WALK.
THIS WAS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL
SUNRISE I'D EVER SEEN.
YOU KNOW, I THINK ABOUT
THAT MORNING A LOT.
THE COLOR OF THE SKY,
THE LOOK ON YOUR FACE...
YOU WERE IN AFRICA
FOR MONTHS, BUT...
THAT WAS THE ONLY MOMENT
YOU WERE REALLY HAPPY.
HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT?
BECAUSE I GET YOU, VAL.
I GET
EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU.
I KNOW THAT YOU TILT YOUR HEAD
JUST BEFORE YOU GET ANGRY.
I KNOW THAT YOU RUB YOUR
HANDS TOGETHER TO KEEP
YOURSELF FROM CRYING.
AND I KNOW
YOUR FACE GETS RED
WHEN YOU START TO FEEL THINGS
THAT YOU DON'T WANT TO FEEL.
LIKE NOW.
NONE OF THIS MATTERS.
I'M WITH ETHAN.
I KNOW.
JUST TAKE THIS PHOTO
AS A...
REMINDER OF WHAT WE HAD.
AND JUST KNOW,
IF YOU EVER NEED ME...
I WILL COME RUNNING.
JAVIER? IT'S ME.
WHEN ARE YOU OFF WORK?
I'M IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD
AND THOUGHT I'D PICK YOU UP
AND DRIVE YOU HOME.
5:00?
THAT SOON?
NO, THAT'S GOOD.
THAT'S GOOD.
I GOTTA GO.
[ UP-TEMPO LATIN MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ COUGHS ]
I'M NOT SURE WHY
YOU INSISTED ON PICKING ME UP.
I JUST COULDN'T WAIT
TO SEE YOUR LOVELY FACE.
AW, THAT'S NICE.
WHAT'S WRONG?
S-SOMETHING IS DIFFERENT.
IT'S...
I BELIEVE THE WORD YOU'RE
SEARCHING FOR IS "CLEAN."
IT LOOKS LIKE
SHE WAXED YOUR FLOORS
AND ORGANIZED
YOUR SHELVES.
AND WHAT IS
THAT WONDERFUL SCENT?
SCENT?
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
AHH.
SHE USED LAVENDER.
AS A PROFESSIONAL MAID,
I WOULD GIVE CONCEPCION
AN A-PLUS.
THIS IS PROBABLY THE CLEANEST
YOUR HOUSE HAS EVER BEEN.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
SHE IS SO FIRED.
WHAT?!
I'VE BEEN PAYING THAT WOMAN
GOOD MONEY FOR YEARS,
AND NOW I FIND OUT
SHE'S BEEN PHONING IT IN?!
TAKE A DEEP BREATH.
SMELL THE LAVENDER.
I AM SO ANGRY!
TO FIND OUT
SHE CAN CLEAN LIKE THIS?!
IN HER DEFENSE, SHE CAN'T.
WHAT?
I CLEANED THE HOUSE.
I MET HER THROUGH A FRIEND,
AND SHE WAS SO SWEET,
AND HER GRANDMOTHER'S
GOING TO KICK THE BUCKET
IN LIKE FIVE MINUTES,
AND I FELT SO GUILTY,
AND...
HAVE YOU EVER COOKED
WITH A PRICKLY PEAR?
A WHAT?
WE USE IT AT MY RESTAURANT
ALL THE TIME.
ON THE OUTSIDE
IT'S ROUGH AND THORNY,
BUT ON THE INSIDE...
IT'S TENDER...
AND UNBELIEVABLY SWEET.
OH, ARE YOU TRYING TO SAY
THAT I'M A PRICKLY PEAR?
YOU LIKE TO COME OFF
TOUGH AND UNFORGIVING,
BUT YOU HAVE A COMPASSIONATE,
CARING HEART.
AND THAT EXTRAORDINARY
COMBINATION...
TURNS ME ON.
I ALSO CLEANED THE BEDROOM.
YOU WANT TO GO MESS IT UP?
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
OH!
[ LAUGHS ]
WHAT?!
WAIT, PERI THAT CLAIMING
THAT I'M UNFIT?
LISTEN, JEFF.
I DON'T CARE IF WE HAVE TO
FILE AN APPEAL OR COUNTERSUE,
JUST GET MY KID BACK, OKAY?!
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
OH!
HEY, I'M SORRY.
HEY! SPENCE, RIGHT?
IT'S ME -- REGGIE.
YEAH, YEAH.
UH, ROSIE'S LAWYER.
AND HER BOYFRIEND.
S-SHE DIDN'T MENTION THAT?
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS TALKED.
NO, NOT ABOUT THAT.
EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT, MAN?
YOU LOOK A LITTLE PALE.
YEAH, I'M JUST HAVING...
A TOUGH DAY.
YEAH, I GET IT.
YOU MUST MISS ROSIE
SOMETHING FIERCE, HUH?
AS A MATTER OF FACT, I DO.
I DON'T BLAME YOU.
[ CHUCKLES ] THAT GIRL'S
GOT SOME SERIOUS SKILLS.
SKILLS?
YOU KNOW
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
GET HER IN THE SACK,
AND, LIKE, SHE TURNS FREAKY.
COULD YOU NOT
TALK ABOUT ROSIE LIKE THAT?
NO, NO, NO.
IT'S COOL, MAN. YOU KNOW?
THIS IS SOMETHING
WE GET TO BOND OVER.
YOU AND ME...
WE BOTH GOT TO TAP THAT.
[ GRUNTS ]
GET OFF OF ME!
YOU STAY AWAY FROM HER!
Man: YOU OKAY?
THAT DEPENDS.
DID YOU GET ALL THAT?
EVERY FRAME.
THEN I'M GREAT.
WHAT'S THIS?
A SEVERANCE CHECK.
I NEED TO LET YOU GO.
YOU CAN'T.
WE HAVE A DEAL.
I'M CHANGING THE TERMS.
YOU'RE NO LONGER WELCOME
IN THIS HOUSE.
I EARNED THE RIGHT
TO BE HERE.
THE LAST 15 YEARS
WERE A GIFT.
IT'S TIME
FOR BOTH OF US TO MOVE ON.
[ GASPS ]
MARISOL'S BEHIND THIS,
ISN'T SHE?
SHE'S THREATENING TO LEAVE.
I CAN'T LET THAT HAPPEN.
I LOVE HER.
ENOUGH TO GO TO JAIL?
IF I GO TO JAIL,
I AM TAKING YOU WITH ME.
NOW, THAT IS
MORE THAN GENEROUS.
AND ETHAN'S
STILL IN MY WILL.
HE WON'T GET THAT MONEY
UNTIL YOU'RE DEAD.
IF YOU DON'T DO WHAT I SAY,
I WILL SEE TO IT
HE GETS NOTHING AT ALL.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
HEY, TY.
DO YOU HAVE A MINUTE?
FOR YOU? ALWAYS.
I'M GOOD.
LOOK, I'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENED YESTERDAY.
ME, TOO.
YEAH. THERE'S SOMETHING
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT.
I KNOW.
YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT
THE MASSIVE AGE DIFFERENCE.
IT'S NOT THAT MASSIVE!
AND, NO, THAT'S NOT IT.
THE THING IS...
I ALREADY HAVE
A BOYFRIEND.
OH.
WHO IS IT?
HE DOESN'T LIKE ME
TO TALK ABOUT HIM.
WHY?
HE'S A CELEBRITY.
OH.
IS IT SERIOUS?
VERY.
OH, HONEY.
I LIKE YOU. I DO.
AND IF THIS GUY WAS
OUT OF THE PICTURE, WHO KNOWS?
SO THERE'S HOPE?
NO. NO.
THERE'S NO HOPE.
JUST A FEW TEARS,
AND THEN MOVING ON.
THAT'S ALL WE GOT.
OKAY?
CARMEN?
MM-HMM.
THIS GUY
IS REALLY LUCKY TO HAVE YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
VALENTINA, WE'RE BACK!
VALENTINA, PLEASE COME.
I REQUIRE ALCOHOL.
MAYBE
SHE'S AT THE STORE.
HAVE YOU NOTICED
A CHANGE IN HER BEHAVIOR LATELY?
WHAT KIND OF A CHANGE?
AFTER OUR LAST CONVERSATION,
SHE GAVE ME
THIS LOOK OF DISDAIN.
ARE YOU SURE?
I KNOW THAT LOOK.
IT'S THE SAME ONE
I GIVE PEOPLE WHO FLY COACH.
DO YOU THINK THERE'S A CHANCE
SHE KNOWS ABOUT US?
NO. WE'VE BEEN
RIDICULOUSLY DISCREET.
THAT'S TRUE. BUT...
COME ON.
VALENTINA'S OBVIOUSLY NOT HOME,
SO HOW ABOUT I GET YOU DRUNK
AND TOUCH YOU INAPPROPRIATELY?
OH, PLEASE DO.
[ MOANS PASSIONATELY ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
SO, LEAD THE WAY.
WELL, AS YOU KNOW,
THAT IS WHAT I PREFER.
HELLO, THERE.
GUESS WHAT --
MR. POWELL CAME HOME.
YES, I CAN SEE THAT.
DARLING, WHY DIDN'T YOU
CALL AND --
AND WARN US
YOU WERE COMING?
WHERE'S THE FUN IN THAT?
COME GIVE US A KISS.
OH!
[ CHUCKLES ]